moonshine gun racks god-fearing folks
Johnny Cash way off base but down here's
right on trade laugh Reese did last the
NASCAR sticker on a Cadillac
taking her slow in life the ghost you
fast
well I mean I'll never be upper class
daddy but I've made God he told me to
sing
stuffed on my friend sherry you know
what but I don't try to nine mistakes
that me
I'll be troopers mouth and I drink till
I pass right now but I'll be hearing
bound ringing it's my day
all his rednecks just the same
a long wake up all sin Sunday church
live it up in with a six-pack smile of
mine that's getting all the blame one
kiss
good night choose the one true love of
my life on a front porch swing on a dog
is stubborn and how I ever meet her man
will just smile and homemade wine but
thanks goes up to the heavens every day
not messed up doing my fair share you
know what I don't try tonight except me
I'll be truckers mouth and I drink till
a pass right out
but I'll be hearing bound when it's my
baby
rednecks just the same
he loves
well I'm a fly with broken wings but
that part don't bother me my buddies are
here with a box of beer and will fix
anything I'm not messed up on my fish
Harry you know what I don't try tonight
mistakes I've made
every truckers mouth and I drink ale a
pass right out I'll be heaven bound when
it's my day
I messed up on my fair share you know
what I don't try to now mistakes I've
made
we third food it's all class I got
friends to watch my ass wouldn't change
a thing
by the way I made
rednecks just insane
all his land
you